Affiliate with Blizzwin – The Easy Way to Millionaire
rules and regulations
BLIZZWIN focuses on building an Affiliate Program by turning each Affiliate into a business partner in our development system. Continuously improve service quality Bringing science, technology 4.0 to offer modern and superior entertainment products such as sports, esports, online casinos, slot games, lottery to our customers.
We use world-leading state-of-the-art techniques and technologies to create engaging, innovative and unique experiences for our customers. At the same time, fairness, transparency and absolute security are guaranteed.
BLIZZWIN asks our members to get closer to e-sports, find their favorite games, and have the chance to interact with longtime fans.

Overview
After researching the market in detail, BLIZZWIN decided to implement the Affiliate Program for individuals, businesses, companies and organizations. The objective of this program is marketing. Introduce and promote the image of BLIZZWIN to many domestic and foreign customers. Promote development and help users come to us easily and quickly.
When the partner request is approved, we will give you an affiliate code.
Members must complete the official registration process to become a member of BLIZZWIN, including the following: Use the website link provided by the affiliates. Fill in the required information according to the existing account registration form. Click Register to successfully create an account. If they successfully deposit to BLIZZWIN they will be counted as your referred customer.
Referrals will receive a commission of 35 - 50% based on their deposits. Long-term spending and profits when participating in sports betting, esports, online casinos, slot games, fishing, lotteries and the whole list of products offered by BLIZZWIN.
Especially the net profit is precisely defined as: the total income from the player's winning/losing bets. Minus the money paid to the player (including: Incentives for the Player according to the House Rules, Parts, Bonuses, Refunds, Fraud) when the Affiliate receives a Negative Balance. It will automatically roll over to the next month. The commission will be transferred directly.to the partner's main account on the specified day of the month The collaborator has the right to withdraw money from the main account to his bank account.
However, there are terms and conditions to keep in mind:
• BLIZZWIN reserves the right to terminate the Affiliate account at any time without explaining the reason.
• BLIZZWIN reserves the right to terminate a customer's account using the affiliate code at any time without explaining the reason.
• BLIZZWIN reserves the right to amend and change the terms and conditions of the affiliate program.
Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions
I. BLIZZWIN RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
1. Register
Client accounts registered from the affiliate code are approved by BLIZZWIN, we will track all their transactions.
BLIZZWIN has the right to reject members recommended by collaborators in cases where it is necessary to confirm a mandatory request in accordance with existing regulations.
Customer definition: Customer clicks, clicks on the links provided by dealers to BLIZZWIN's official website and makes bets on sports, esports, online casinos, slot games, lotteries and all the products that BLIZZWIN has to offer. register one or more BLIZZWIN products and services). The account is automatically recognized as an official customer. and is responsible for the implementation of the procedures and principles set by us.
2. Follow up with customers
BLIZZWIN has the right and right to monitor the betting activities and use of the Services during the processing of the Customer. and prepare relevant reports Summarize customer activities to collaborators every month.
3. Payment or Referral Commission
Affiliate will receive referral commission based on 35 – 50% of net profit.
The method for determining the specific net profit is as follows: Player successfully registered an account via affiliate code. make deposit process Place real money bets at BLIZZWIN and we collect profits from it.
4. Correction
BLIZZWIN has the right and permission to modify or replace any terms, conditions and terms. in a unilateral agreement with collaborators
Once the modifications are complete, BLIZZWIN will announce the changed content on the home page or post a new deal and provide additional information to the Affiliate through the inbox shared by collaborators when registering with BLIZZWIN.
The scope of amendments or changes to these Terms, Conditions and Regulations includes:
• The commission structure is effective at the present time.
• Rules in the collaboration plan.
If the Affiliate does not agree to amend or change the terms, conditions and provisions from BLIZZWIN, the only solution is to terminate the Partnership Agreement.
When collaborators know and understand the changes or new agreements received from BLIZZWIN and agree and agree to continue their cooperation. The revised terms or new agreements will take effect immediately. Collaborators must follow and act accordingly.
5. Your Affiliate Application
By agreeing to join the BLIZZWIN Affiliate Program, you agree to and will abide by the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The eligibility and decision to approve applications for participation in the Affiliate program will ultimately be decided by BLIZZWIN.
Second, rights and duties
1. LINK TO THE BLIZZWIN WEBSITE
Accepting the BLIZZWIN Affiliate Program will benefit from all free use of marketing materials, including:
• Banner
• document
• Online and offline trademarks.
• Advertising
•	other people
This means the right to create another link to the BLIZZWIN home page.
2. Requirements
During the first 3 months, Affiliate must have at least 5 eligible clients. If the Affiliate doesn't meet this requirement, BLIZZWIN will block the reseller account. But you still have the right to register to create a new reseller account.
3. Spam
If you promote BLIZZWIN with negative behavior or spam. The agreement will be terminated. does not accept any explanation and collaborators have no right to bind any terms to BLIZZWIN.
4. Register link
It is not recommended to use new links with domain names already registered with those that are owned by BLIZZWIN. Use only similar domains.
5. Auction conditions
Do not buy or use trademarks. Keywords that are similar to other trademarks, search terms, or logos. registered by BLIZZWIN in search engines, portals, support services, search services or other intermediaries.
6. Partner appointments
Affiliates have non-exclusive rights.
BLIZZWIN does not direct Affiliate to any website registered in Section II.5.
Affiliates may not be privileged to create intermediary services that support BLIZZWIN's services.
Affiliates have the right to comment and work directly with BLIZZWIN at any time to improve and upgrade the quality of our services with the same or similar features.
Do not allow others to claim commissions or compensation.
7. Ads are approved.
Use only approved ads, including hypertext text, edit columns, images, and logos.
Do not arbitrarily modify the interface or request BLIZZWIN to change the advertising material.
All syntax and text in links are generated by BLIZZWIN and required by affiliates.
Affiliate does not have the right to create links for themselves to be featured on the BLIZZWIN website.
8. Transparent
The Affiliate strictly complies with the terms of the Agreement. Do not use affiliate transactions that harm BLIZZWIN. Do not falsify or misuse BLIZZWIN promotions and incentives... If violated, payment will be suspended, account locked.
If the customer of the referral partner commits fraud We will always make sure it doesn't affect your rights.
9. BET INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Do not modify or transfer your Affiliate's rights and obligations to any other person, organization or entity.
enjoy copyright trademark Intellectual Property and Other Patent Protection on the Website

1. Commission
Affiliate earns a referral commission based on 35 - 50% of the net profit generated by the client using the Affiliate Code.
The specific commission is calculated as follows: All settled bets received by the co-operating customers will be deducted from the following:
• Bonus, Cashback, Promotion
• Taxes payable or related expenses.
• Bad debts
• Fraudulent payments.
• Principal repayment
• Transactions are subject to additional fees upon request from the customer's bank.
• Invalid bet.
• Bets or deposits paid to customers in the form of bonuses, BLIZZWIN has the right to seriously adjust interest rates and how the referral commission is calculated.
2. How to calculate commission
Affiliate that meets the requirements for commission
If income is negative due to disqualification It will roll over to the next month.
If the profit from the Affiliate's end-of-month payment is positive and meets the minimum income requirement. The commission is paid based on the Affiliate's profit.
In this case, if at the end of the month the profit from the affiliate payments is negative, Then the amount corresponding to the negative value is included in the next month's payment.








3. Payment
3.1 Commission plan
Commission plan
Net profit/month
(THB)
Minimum membership requirements
Commission rate
1 - 100,000 
Active 3 User / Regis 5 user
30 %
100,001 - 500,000 
Active 3 User / Regis 5 user
35 %
500,001 – 1,000,000
Active 5 user / Regis 10 user 
40%
1,000,001 - 1,200,000
Active 10 user / Regis 20 user
45 %
More than 1,200,001
Active 20 user / Regis 30 user

50%







To make it easier for you to understand We will take the following example:
TOTAL EARNINGS = WIN BLIZZWIN (= TOTAL MEMBER BET - PROMOTION - CASHBACK - BONUS - COST MANAGEMENT FEES ) x% COMMISSION RATE + SUBSCRIPTION EARNINGS (if applicable).
3.2 Downline Affiliate
Each partner can develop more members. and unlimited compatibility downline
Monthly Affiliate will earn an additional 10% from their downline at this point: 
Total Real Commission = Direct Affiliate Commission + 10% Total Downline Affiliate Commission
3.3 Payment request
Must have at least 5 valid members per month.
The commission will be credited to the main account of the collaborator and paid by bank transfer. The co-worker is responsible for the transfer fee.
3 .4 Withdrawal requests
If you successfully registered as an affiliate before the 15th of the month, you can withdraw your commission on the 10th of the following month.
If the Affiliate registration is successful after the 15th of the month, the first commission withdrawal must be waited until the 10th of the following month.
Minimum withdrawal 1,500,000 VND
3 .5 Payment Currency
BLIZZWIN pays the commission in the currency chosen by the collaborators when registering an account.
If the partner wants to receive a different currency The conversion rate of the old registered currency to the new currency depends on the current bank regulations.
IV. Term and Termination of Agreement, Consequences, and Improper Sites
1. Conditions and Termination
If approved to act as a partner The Agreement will be terminated only when either party gives written notice of its intention to terminate the Agreement. Calculation documents via email
2. Results
the deal ends Collaborators are responsible for removing all banners. BLIZZWIN ADVERTISING ICONS LEAVE HIS SITE, REMOVE ANY LINKS FROM THE WEBSITE OF A PARTICIPANT TO THE BLIZZWIN WEBSITE, RETURN CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENTS AND DOCUMENTS PROVIDED BY BLIZZWIN, SUCH AS ADVERTISING INFORMATION. Monthly customer statistics ..and immediately stop using all trademarks of BLIZZWIN
The benefits received by the Affiliate will be canceled immediately.
3. Inappropriate website
If your website is determined to be inconsistent with our terms, BLIZZWIN will terminate the agreement solely. The criteria for assessing nonconforming sites include:
• Children's content.
• Pornographic content related to sex.
• Violent content.
• Discrimination Content (Gender, Ethnicity, Race, Religion, Disability, etc.)
• Illegal content.
• Content that infringes intellectual property rights.
4. Multiple accounts and self referrals
It is forbidden to open multiple cooperative accounts without BLIZZWIN's prior written consent. No commission will be earned on accounts not recognized by BLIZZWIN.
5. Contractual relationship
Affiliate and BLIZZWIN have independent contractor relationships. The alliance has no partners, middlemen, concessionaires. brand sales representative or an employment relationship with BLIZZWIN
The Affiliate has no right to be an agent of BLIZZWIN and does not post any information regarding the Agreement with BLIZZWIN on your website or any other site.
6. Protection
Protecting BLIZZWIN is protecting the interests of partners. Affiliate is responsible for causing damage. violation of terms Failure to comply with our obligations and responsibilities
7. No Obligation
BLIZZWIN DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE PAYMENT AGREEMENT. There is no responsibility or obligation to pay the Affiliate if the main website is interrupted or in error.
If the Affiliate and BLIZZWIN data statistics differ, it depends on the information provided by BLIZZWIN.
8. Limit debt
If there is a problem such as: issues affecting the interests, income, information ... of the collaborator stated in the agreement We are not responsible
All debts arising from the BLIZZWIN Affiliate Program and Affiliate Program are always lower than the total commission actually received by the Affiliate.
This Agreement is applicable to Affiliate and BLIZZWIN .
BLIZZWIN's debts to Affiliates shall not be considered personal debts of BLIZZWIN's managers, employees and shareholders.
9. Investigate
The Affiliate acknowledges and accepts all terms for the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
We reserve the right to amend, supplement, replace or create new terms and conditions in the Agreement at any time.
V. Other
1. Reliability
IF BLIZZWIN DOES NOT ALLOW THE WRITTEN will not be permitted to sign this Agreement through other legal activities.
This Agreement is effective and you must comply with it when we approve it.
2. Perseverance
BLIZZWIN does not strictly abide by the terms of the agreement. But we still guarantee the minimum terms in the agreement.
Without BLIZZWIN's prior written consent, the Agreement is not entitled to amend, substitute.
